and the Lord said to Moses cut to
and the Lord said to Moses cut to tablets of stone like the first ones and
tablets of stone like the first ones and
tablets of stone like the first ones and I will write on these tablets the words
I will write on these tablets the words
I will write on these tablets the words that were on the first tablets which you
that were on the first tablets which you
that were on the first tablets which you broke so be ready in the morning and
broke so be ready in the morning and
broke so be ready in the morning and come up in the morning to Mount Sinai
come up in the morning to Mount Sinai
come up in the morning to Mount Sinai and present yourself to me there on the
and present yourself to me there on the
and present yourself to me there on the top of the mountain and no man shall
top of the mountain and no man shall
top of the mountain and no man shall come up with you and let no man be seen
come up with you and let no man be seen
come up with you and let no man be seen throughout all the mountain let neither
throughout all the mountain let neither
throughout all the mountain let neither flocks nor herds feed before that
flocks nor herds feed before that
flocks nor herds feed before that mountain
so he cut two tablets of stones like the
so he cut two tablets of stones like the first ones then moses rose early in the
first ones then moses rose early in the
first ones then moses rose early in the morning and went up Mount Sinai as the
morning and went up Mount Sinai as the
morning and went up Mount Sinai as the Lord had commanded him and he took in
Lord had commanded him and he took in
Lord had commanded him and he took in his hand the two tablets of stone
descended in the cloud and stood with
descended in the cloud and stood with him there and proclaimed the name of the
him there and proclaimed the name of the
him there and proclaimed the name of the Lord and the Lord passed before him and
Lord and the Lord passed before him and
Lord and the Lord passed before him and proclaimed the Lord the Lord God
proclaimed the Lord the Lord God
proclaimed the Lord the Lord God merciful and gracious long-suffering and
merciful and gracious long-suffering and
merciful and gracious long-suffering and abounding in goodness and truth keeping
abounding in goodness and truth keeping
abounding in goodness and truth keeping mercy for thousands forgiving iniquity
mercy for thousands forgiving iniquity
mercy for thousands forgiving iniquity and transgression and sin by no means
and transgression and sin by no means
and transgression and sin by no means clearing the guilty visiting the
clearing the guilty visiting the
clearing the guilty visiting the iniquity of the father's upon the
iniquity of the father's upon the
iniquity of the father's upon the children and the children's children to
children and the children's children to
children and the children's children to the third and fourth generation so Moses
the third and fourth generation so Moses
the third and fourth generation so Moses made haste and bowed his head toward the
made haste and bowed his head toward the
made haste and bowed his head toward the earth and worshiped and he said if now I
earth and worshiped and he said if now I
earth and worshiped and he said if now I have found grace in your sight over
let my lord I pray go among us even
let my lord I pray go among us even though we are a stiff-necked people and
though we are a stiff-necked people and
though we are a stiff-necked people and pardon our iniquity and our sin and take
pardon our iniquity and our sin and take
pardon our iniquity and our sin and take us as your inheritance
behold
behold I make a covenant
I make a covenant
I make a covenant before all your people I will do
before all your people I will do
before all your people I will do Marvel's such as have not been done in
Marvel's such as have not been done in
Marvel's such as have not been done in all the earth nor in any nation and all
all the earth nor in any nation and all
all the earth nor in any nation and all the people among whom you are shall see
the people among whom you are shall see
the people among whom you are shall see the work of the Lord for it is an
the work of the Lord for it is an
the work of the Lord for it is an awesome thing that I will do with you
awesome thing that I will do with you
awesome thing that I will do with you observe what I command you this day
observe what I command you this day
observe what I command you this day behold I am driving out from before you
behold I am driving out from before you
behold I am driving out from before you the amorite and the Canaanite and the
the amorite and the Canaanite and the
the amorite and the Canaanite and the hittite and the perizzite and the high
hittite and the perizzite and the high
hittite and the perizzite and the high vite and the jebusite take heed to
vite and the jebusite take heed to
vite and the jebusite take heed to yourself lest you make a covenant with
yourself lest you make a covenant with
yourself lest you make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land where you
the inhabitants of the land where you
the inhabitants of the land where you are going lest it be a snare in your
are going lest it be a snare in your
are going lest it be a snare in your midst but you shall destroy their altars
midst but you shall destroy their altars
midst but you shall destroy their altars break their sacred pillars and cut down
break their sacred pillars and cut down
break their sacred pillars and cut down their wooden images for you shall
their wooden images for you shall
their wooden images for you shall worship no other God for the Lord whose
worship no other God for the Lord whose
worship no other God for the Lord whose name is jealous is a jealous God lest
name is jealous is a jealous God lest
name is jealous is a jealous God lest you make a covenant with the inhabitants
you make a covenant with the inhabitants
you make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land and they play the harlot
of the land and they play the harlot
of the land and they play the harlot with their gods and make sacrifice to
with their gods and make sacrifice to
with their gods and make sacrifice to their gods and one of them invites you
their gods and one of them invites you
their gods and one of them invites you and you eat of his sacrifice and you
and you eat of his sacrifice and you
and you eat of his sacrifice and you take of his daughters for your sons and
take of his daughters for your sons and
take of his daughters for your sons and his daughters play the harlot with their
his daughters play the harlot with their
his daughters play the harlot with their gods and make your sons play the harlot
gods and make your sons play the harlot
gods and make your sons play the harlot with their gods you shall make no mole
with their gods you shall make no mole
with their gods you shall make no mole gods for yourselves the feast of
gods for yourselves the feast of
gods for yourselves the feast of unleavened bread you shall keep seven
unleavened bread you shall keep seven
unleavened bread you shall keep seven days you shall eat unleavened bread as I
days you shall eat unleavened bread as I
days you shall eat unleavened bread as I commanded you in the appointed time of
commanded you in the appointed time of
commanded you in the appointed time of the month of a bid for in the month of
the month of a bid for in the month of
the month of a bid for in the month of Abib you came out from Egypt all that
Abib you came out from Egypt all that
Abib you came out from Egypt all that opened the womb are mine and every male
opened the womb are mine and every male
opened the womb are mine and every male firstborn among your livestock where the
firstborn among your livestock where the
firstborn among your livestock where the ox or sheep but the firstborn of a
ox or sheep but the firstborn of a
ox or sheep but the firstborn of a donkey you shall redeem with a lap and
donkey you shall redeem with a lap and
donkey you shall redeem with a lap and if you will not redeem him
if you will not redeem him
if you will not redeem him then you shall break his neck all the
then you shall break his neck all the
then you shall break his neck all the firstborn of your sons you shall redeem
firstborn of your sons you shall redeem
firstborn of your sons you shall redeem and none shall appear before me
and none shall appear before me
and none shall appear before me empty-handed
empty-handed
empty-handed six days you shall work but on the
six days you shall work but on the
six days you shall work but on the seventh day you shall rest in plowing
seventh day you shall rest in plowing
seventh day you shall rest in plowing time and in harvest you shall rest and
time and in harvest you shall rest and
time and in harvest you shall rest and you shall observe the feast of weeks of
you shall observe the feast of weeks of
you shall observe the feast of weeks of the firstfruits of wheat harvest and the
the firstfruits of wheat harvest and the
the firstfruits of wheat harvest and the feast of ingathering at the year's end
feast of ingathering at the year's end
feast of ingathering at the year's end three times in the year all your men
three times in the year all your men
three times in the year all your men shall appear before the Lord the Lord
shall appear before the Lord the Lord
shall appear before the Lord the Lord God of Israel for I will cast out the
God of Israel for I will cast out the
God of Israel for I will cast out the nations before you and enlarge your
nations before you and enlarge your
nations before you and enlarge your borders neither will any man covet your
borders neither will any man covet your
borders neither will any man covet your land when you go up to appear before the
land when you go up to appear before the
land when you go up to appear before the Lord your God three times in the year
Lord your God three times in the year
Lord your God three times in the year you shall not offer the blood of my
you shall not offer the blood of my
you shall not offer the blood of my sacrifice with leaven nor shall the
sacrifice with leaven nor shall the
sacrifice with leaven nor shall the sacrifice of the Feast of the Passover
sacrifice of the Feast of the Passover
sacrifice of the Feast of the Passover be left until morning
be left until morning
be left until morning the first of the first fruits of your
the first of the first fruits of your
the first of the first fruits of your land you shall bring to the house of the
land you shall bring to the house of the
land you shall bring to the house of the Lord your God you shall not boil a young
Lord your God you shall not boil a young
Lord your God you shall not boil a young goat in its mother's milk and the Lord
goat in its mother's milk and the Lord
goat in its mother's milk and the Lord said to Moses write these words for
said to Moses write these words for
said to Moses write these words for according to the tenor of these words I
according to the tenor of these words I
according to the tenor of these words I have made a covenant with you and with
have made a covenant with you and with
have made a covenant with you and with Israel so he was there with the Lord
Israel so he was there with the Lord
Israel so he was there with the Lord forty days and forty nights he neither
forty days and forty nights he neither
forty days and forty nights he neither ate bread nor drank water and he wrote
ate bread nor drank water and he wrote
ate bread nor drank water and he wrote on the tablets the words of the Covenant
on the tablets the words of the Covenant
on the tablets the words of the Covenant the Ten Commandments
now it was so when Moses came down from
now it was so when Moses came down from Mount Sinai and the two tablets of the
Mount Sinai and the two tablets of the
Mount Sinai and the two tablets of the testimony were in Moses hand when he
testimony were in Moses hand when he
testimony were in Moses hand when he came down from the mountain that Moses
came down from the mountain that Moses
came down from the mountain that Moses did not know that the skin of his face
did not know that the skin of his face
did not know that the skin of his face shone while he talked with you
shone while he talked with you
shone while he talked with you so when Aaron and all the children of
so when Aaron and all the children of
so when Aaron and all the children of Israel saw Moses behold the skin of his
Israel saw Moses behold the skin of his
Israel saw Moses behold the skin of his face shone and they were afraid to come
face shone and they were afraid to come
face shone and they were afraid to come near him
near him
near him then Moses call to them and Aaron and
then Moses call to them and Aaron and
then Moses call to them and Aaron and all the rulers of the congregation
all the rulers of the congregation
all the rulers of the congregation returned to him and Moses talked with
returned to him and Moses talked with
returned to him and Moses talked with them afterward all the children of
them afterward all the children of
them afterward all the children of Israel came near and he gave them as
Israel came near and he gave them as
Israel came near and he gave them as Commandments all that the Lord had
Commandments all that the Lord had
Commandments all that the Lord had spoken with him on Mount Sinai and when
spoken with him on Mount Sinai and when
spoken with him on Mount Sinai and when Moses had finished speaking with them he
Moses had finished speaking with them he
Moses had finished speaking with them he put a veil on his face but whenever
put a veil on his face but whenever
put a veil on his face but whenever Moses went in before the Lord to speak
Moses went in before the Lord to speak
Moses went in before the Lord to speak with him he would take the veil off
with him he would take the veil off
with him he would take the veil off until he came out and he would come out
until he came out and he would come out
until he came out and he would come out and speak to the children of Israel
and speak to the children of Israel
and speak to the children of Israel whatever here being commanded and
whatever here being commanded and
whatever here being commanded and whenever the children of Israel saw the
whenever the children of Israel saw the
whenever the children of Israel saw the face of Moses that the skin of Moses
face of Moses that the skin of Moses
face of Moses that the skin of Moses face shone and Moses would put the veil
face shone and Moses would put the veil
face shone and Moses would put the veil on his face again until he went in to
on his face again until he went in to
on his face again until he went in to speak with him
speak with him
speak with him [Music]